[mysterious music playing]
[ominous music playing]
[whooshes]
[grunts]
[growls]
[horse neighs]
[whooshes]
[grunts]
[thunder rumbles]
[both grunt]
[whooshes]
[thunder rumbles]
[rattles]
[distant thunder rumbles]
[ominous music plays]
[thunder rumbling]
[thunderous choral music plays]
[rocks crumbling]
[groans]
[wind gusting]
[wolves howling]
[man 1]
Only barbarians drink unmixed wine.
Out of my way, bastard.
Self-control is of the essence.
[light music]
[laughing in distance]
How much for ore today?
Two drachmas for the lot of it.
Two drachmas? That's it?
Be grateful I do business with you at all.
[elegiac music playing]
How did it go?
[woman]
What about the rest of it?
I was lucky to get that.
Don't worry.
We'll figure something out.
[people clamoring]
[all gasp]
[ominous music plays]
What's going on?
[horse neighs]
You need not fear me.
I am Grand Archon Alexia.
I'm in pursuit of a demon.
Have you seen anything pass?
-Demon? No.
-Then get inside.
These monsters know no mercy.
[Alexia] Hyah!
[horse neighs]
[rattles in distance]
[ominous music plays]
[groans]
Old fool, what are you doing?
Breaking my leg. What's it look like?
[groans]
You've drunk more
than you've bled, you old goat.
[grunts]
One of these days, you're gonna
get yourself killed, Elias.
[horn toots]
Go ahead without me.
You're old, not dead.
[groans]
We have to clean this.
Heron?
[ominous music plays]
Huh?
[dramatic music plays]
[gasps]
[growls]
[burbling]
[grunting]
[pants]
[growls]
[grunts]
[heroic music plays]
[panting]
[groans]
[growls]
-[horse neighs]
-[grunts, groans]
[yells]
[growls]
[roars]
[laughs]
[screams]
[gasps]
[pants]
Are you injured?
[ominous music playing]
-[Alexia whistles]
-[horse neighs]
[man] Get to safety.
[hisses]
[both grunt]
[groans]
Arrest this man.
[indistinct chatter]
[moans]
[horn blares]
The rumors are true.
An army from the east descends upon us.
But this enemy is unlike anything
we've ever seen before.
They're a cult of monsters
many dare not speak of.
-[man] Monsters?
-Did she say monsters?
[Alexia] Only after I saw them
did I finally believe.
And now, so will you.
[fire crackles]
Let this test of fire
reveal your true nature.
[grunting]
No! No. Please, please!
No, no!
[man grunting]
[screams]
[growls]
[indistinct chatter]
-What are you doing?
-May the gods have mercy.
[man screams]
[gasps]
[growling]
[low growl]
[all groan]
You will convert or die.
By the gods…
You and your cult have forsaken man
and spilled innocent blood.
We've forsaken nothing.
We are the strong and you are the--
-[sword slash]
-[all groan]
[gasps]
[indistinct chatter]
[growling]
[fire crackling softly]
How is this possible?
How can something like that
live inside someone?
To understand demons…
you must to back to the great war
against the giants.
Giants?
When the world was new…
[thunder rumbling]
[Elias] …the gods, the masters of light,
defeated the titans,
the family of darkness.
But as the last titan fell,
[distant roar]
he swore a curse on the gods.
And when his blood struck the sea…
[foreboding choral music]
The giants were born.
These monsters were brought
into the world for a single purpose.
To destroy the realm of the gods.
The hellish war erupted,
for the great Gigantomachy had begun.
The gods swore to defeat the giants
and rid them from the earth.
Both gods and giants fell alike.
[thuds]
Still, neither side would relent,
and the two factions battled on endlessly,
incapable of conquering the other.
[lightning crackles]
[majestic orchestral music playing]
[howls]
Until one day,
Zeus convinced two of the giants
to take up arms with the gods.
And with this, reason and compromise
were introduced to the world.
Soon, Zeus would lead one final attack.
[epic orchestral music plays]
[rumbles]
[lightning crackles]
[snarls]
[lightning rumbles]
[thunderous choral music playing]
[Elias] Zeus ordered Hermes
to gather their souls…
while their remains
were cast into the ocean,
to be forever swallowed…
by the tides.
The smithing god Hephaestus
forged the grand automaton Talos
to stand guard over the cauldron,
forever sworn to keep it shut
so that this evil would never return.
What does this have to do with demons?
Patience, my young friend.
As the ages passed,
a terrible squall rustled the ocean floor,
casting a dead giant ashore.
And as the fates would have it,
one of these dark vessels
was discovered by a man.
And though he did not know it,
this evil began poisoning him.
For to even touch a giant
is to feel the abyss.
And as the moth is drawn to the flame,
so were others drawn to him.
These men ceased to pay tribute
to the gods.
Instead, they pledged
their allegiance to the giants.
And soon, they began to eat of the giant.
Through this black communion
a new family of darkness arose.
They became demons.
Evil and wicked creatures
hidden beneath a human veneer.
Why would the gods allow this?
Because adversity is what makes man great.
We'd be weak and useless
if the gods were always swooping in
and solving our problems.
Huh, I almost forgot.
Please, accept this
as a small token of my appreciation.
But it comes with one condition.
You make us your wonderful stew.
[woman]
I don't know what we'd do without you.
[foreboding music plays]
[fire hissing]
[all gasp]
-Must be from Hades.
-Strange.
-God help us all.
-Gods help us all.
What's your name?
Ah, Heron.
You fought bravely last night.
And thanks to you, Heron, we found a map,
one that describes a nearby encampment.
One the demons will most certainly
use to stage their attack.
Join us. Help us take the fight to them.
It's the best way to protect this polis.
I'm sorry, my lady.
Alexia.
I'm sorry, Alexia, but these people
have forsaken my mother and I.
Why should I fight for them?
Because all our fates hang in the balance.
Their fate, perhaps. But not mine.
[gentle music soars]
If what she says is true, we should go.
You don't understand. We can't.
Why?
Heron, it'll be our death.
What are you talking about?
You're no bastard.
-Your father--
-[man 2] There's the whore! I see her.
-[man 3] That old slut.
-[man 4] Over there.
[foreboding music plays]
We're here to test your whore mother.
You touch her with that and I'll end you.
Ever since she's turned up,
a cloud has hung over us.
She's one of them.
[chuckles]
You can't kill all of us.
No. Just some.
Who's first?
[grunts]
[grunting]
[horse neighs]
[brooding music plays]
[groans]
That's enough!
No!
[groans]
[dramatic music playing]
-Mom! Mom!
-[horse neighs]
[huffs]
[sobs]
[elegiac music plays]
[Elias grunting]
[inaudible]
Rough day.
I would have helped,
but there were only ten of them.
I should have gone with them.
You won't be here forever.
[Elias] Alexia's right. War is upon us.
We must prepare.
[Heron] How?
Climb to the top of this mountain.
There, you will find a rose bush
that stands out from the others.
If you dig beneath it,
you will find
the adamantine ore we'll need
to make you a sword like no other.
[rain pattering]
[thunder rumbles]
[ominous music plays]
[grunts]
[ominous choral music plays]
[sighs]
How did you find me…
Ares?
You betray your own bidding,
o king of kings.
[thunder rumbling]
I thought we were not to intervene.
Or does that not apply to you?
I simply said we cannot fight for them.
And that I have not done.
Oh, I see.
I'll make that distinction
clear to the others.
You'll do no such thing.
Then allow me to help you.
No.
If man is meant to inherit the earth,
they must do so on their own accord.
Then why do you come to this one's aid?
[Ares] Do you really think
this bastard can lead them?
[thunder rumbling]
I do.
[thunder rumbles]
[thunderous choral music plays]